Reflect 4.3.2 release (#10808)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/4.3.2.rst

.. _version_4.3.2:

=============
Version 4.3.2
=============

Released on 2020-11-25.

.. NOTE::

>     If upgrading a cluster, you must be running CrateDB 4.0.2 or higher before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When upgrading a cluster, you must be running CrateDB 4.0.2 or higher before
```

Author: We've this line in pretty much every release and I think that was also already reviewed by @mechanomi 

Not sure about the `if` vs `when` cases. I'll keep it as is for now.

    you upgrade to 4.3.2.

    We recommend that you upgrade to the latest 4.2 release before moving to
    4.3.2.

    A rolling upgrade from 4.2.6+ to 4.3.2 is supported.

    Before upgrading, you should `back up your data`_.

.. _back up your data: https://crate.io/a/backing-up-and-restoring-crate/

.. rubric:: Table of Contents

.. contents::
   :local:

Fixes
=====

- Fixed an issue that could cause browsers to prompt for a client certificate
  if ``SSL`` is enabled on the server side, even if no cert authentication
  method is configured.

> - Fixed a regression introduced Crate ``4.1`` resulting in duplicated recovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a regression introduced in CrateDB ``4.1`` resulting in duplicated recovery
```

  file chunk responses sent.

>   This causes log entries of `Transport handler not found ...`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This causes log entries of ``Transport handler not found ...``.
```

- Fixed an issue that resulted in records in ``pg_catalog.pg_proc`` which
  wouldn't be joined with ``pg_catalog.pg_type``. Clients like ``npgsql`` use

>   this information and without it the users received an error like ``The CLR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  this information and without it, the users received an error like ``The CLR
```

>   array type System.Int32[] isn't supported by Npgsql or your PostgreSQL`` if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  array type System.Int32[] isn't supported by Npgsql or your PostgreSQL`` when
```

  using array types.

- Fixed an issue that could lead to stuck ``INSERT INTO .. RETURNING`` queries.

- Fixed a regression introduced in CrateDB >= ``4.3`` which prevents using
  ``regexp_matches()`` wrapped inside a subscript expression from being used
  as a ``GROUP BY`` expression.

>   This fixed the broken AdminUI->Montoring tab as it uses such an statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This fixed the broken AdminUI->Montoring tab as it uses such a statement.
```

- Fixed validation of ``GROUP BY`` expressions if an alias is used. The

>   validation was by passed and resulted in an execution exception instead of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  validation was bypassed and resulted in an execution exception instead of
```

As suggested by @MarkusH within #10810. Thanks!

  an user friendly validation exception.

- Fixed an issue that caused ``IS NULL`` and ``IS NOT NULL`` operators on
  columns of type ``OBJECT`` with the column policy ``IGNORED`` to match
  incorrect records.

- Fixed an issue that led to an error like ``UnsupportedOperationException:
  Can't handle Symbol [ParameterSymbol: $1]`` if using ``INSERT INTO`` with a
  query that contains parameter place holders and a ``LIMIT`` clause.

> - Fixed an issue that led to an error if a user nested multiple table
>   functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that led to an error when nesting multiple table
  functions.
```

Would "cascading" be more appropriate?

Author: > Would "cascading" be more appropriate?

Not sure, I'd tend to keep the current version.
